Four summer retreats with over 22,000
participants featured
many vibrant yet
extremely beneficial activities, providing the students with
incredibly meaningful lessons. Over 20,000
meals were prepared daily, and an
average of 6,000 sets of clothes were washed day and night.
A massive machine, thousands of
Buddhists, 300 leaders, and 150 to 220 volunteers worked day and night. The
kitchen staff consisted of 250 to 300 Buddhists.
Managing
such a large number of participants
required
immense effort from the leaders and volunteers.
The responsibilities of the life support team demanded
meticulous attention to detail,
yet everything ran smoothly,
systematically, and efficiently.
All of this was thanks to one person
[music]
who managed this entire system,
with its diverse group of
leaders and volunteers.  The
process was very thorough, firstly regarding the
selection and training from the beginning, with
strict criteria on skills and
character. Participants had to possess both
basic skills and
fundamental knowledge, and also be
truly enthusiastic,
passionate, and sincere in
guiding and caring for the
biochemistry students. Once a team of
volunteer project leaders was assembled, they had to ensure they met these
criteria. The organizers then further guided the team to establish a hierarchical
structure for the project
leaders, from highest to
lowest level, to manage
the students in an orderly and structured manner. The daily
life of the project was organized according to the organizers' instructions,
and also divided into smaller areas so that everyone could focus
on one area, avoiding
overlapping tasks and ensuring
greater attention to detail. During the
two-year period, or with two female volunteers from each country, there had to be such
personnel to ensure consistent activity
and behavior throughout the course.
People go to the
park and closely supervise the children as they eat,
ensuring they have the best possible environment. The idea is that
the instructor will guide the kitchen staff, and
from the instructor's ideas, the kitchen staff will
develop the dishes. During the
menu planning meeting, the instructor clearly teaches
how to create
dishes with flavors that
suit the children's age group, ensuring the
food tastes like
home-cooked meals so the children can eat well and
maintain their health for their studies.
Regarding food sources,
the instructor also guides the children on how to choose food and
implements
food safety and hygiene practices. The instructor teaches and closely
monitors to ensure the
food is safe for the children,
guaranteeing their health. We
always have a
huge source of motivation to encourage and support
us in our work, and that
motivation comes from the master, the
monks, and the instructor.  The headmistress has
taught us so much about the work, and
she and
everyone else have always been there to support us in our daily
lives.
She once shared that
in many lifetimes, including
this one, there have been many times when
we couldn't do even the smallest things ourselves and relied on
others for help. She said that
the opportunity to
serve the children here is
truly wonderful and helps us to
improve ourselves.
She said that all the work is
like a big cake, with each person
sharing a little bit. This gives us a
strong motivation to
serve and help the children. We are
deeply moved by the
abundant love and care that she and the Master have
given us. For us,
our hardships here are
nothing compared to the hard work
of the headmistress.  There were days
when we stayed up all night working, and
she would always come down to visit,
check on our work, and encourage us. She was there at
AM and 3 AM too. She was
a role model for us to follow, inspiring us to
strive tirelessly. She
was a chef, an architect, and a
writer, following our master's vows.
In all her roles, she was always
with us in everything.
[Music]
We express our gratitude to her, a woman
small in stature but with immense kindness. We are grateful to
her, the one who is always by our side, everywhere and at all times.
[Music]